I guess the only way to sneak into the
party is the dressed girly me just girly
but I will gladly dress up like a girl
at the party that's for princess
tomorrow well then let's all dress girl
in thick into the party like real men
then winces good ones I like your spirit
boys come on if you want to dress like
girls you can use the dresses inside the
castle I'll sneak in wearing a dress -
way to go your highness uh-huh
yeah father what are you boys up to
don't tell us you guys are trying to
crash the party we told you you couldn't
come
Oh but-but-but I it just looked too fun
I wanted to eat the feast gee sorry girl
only parties are a lot of fun but party
is always better with more time a friend
don't you girls think so true ready then
let's all enjoy the party with your girl
or boy I am Prince Tommy go I come from
a far-off land in search of a bride
Tricia's tomahto you stole my heart at
first sight a sudden marriage proposal
and princess debacle even sir I'm sorry
huh no tying afraid not tonight
party
no way
Oh cookie won't listen that's cuz you
men aren't fooling anyone with your
disguise at least we gave it a shot what
pretty fireworks Tamagotchi